Add Semantic Kernel sample projects from build 2024 (#69)
dotnet/ai-samples: src/build-2024/docs/Exercise/06 Modifying Kernel Behavior with Dependency Injection.md

﻿# Exercise - Modifying Kernel Behavior with Dependency Injection

1. Open the project you have created in [04 Add Logging](./05%20Add%20Plugin%20(Bing%20Search).md).md) in VS Code or Visual Studio.

1. Install Extensions.Compliance.Redaction nuget package

      ```shell
      dotnet add package Microsoft.Extensions.Compliance.Redaction
      ```

1. Install Extensions.Http nuget package

      ```shell
      dotnet add package Microsoft.Extensions.Http
      ```

1. Install Extensions.Http.Resilience nuget package

      ```shell
      dotnet add package Microsoft.Extensions.Http.Resilience
      ```

1. Add the following using statment at the top of `Program.cs` file.

      ```cshap
      using Microsoft.Extensions.Http;
      ```

1. Add the following code after `builder.Services.AddLogging(b => b.AddConsole().SetMinimumLevel(LogLevel.Trace));`

>  which modifies the kernel behavior by injecting services into it and suppress warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 which modifies the kernel behavior by injecting services into it. For this sample we're using experimental features, so we add a `#pragma` statement to suppress warnings about using them.
```

      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[101]
            Ending HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle after 0.0051ms - processed: 0 items - remaining: 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[100]
            Starting HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle with 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[101]
            Ending HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle after 0.004ms - processed: 0 items - remaining: 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[100]
            Starting HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle with 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[101]
            Ending HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle after 0.0045ms - processed: 0 items - remaining: 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[100]
            Starting HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle with 1 items
      dbug: Microsoft.Extensions.Http.DefaultHttpClientFactory[101]
            Ending HttpMessageHandler cleanup cycle after 0.0036ms - processed: 0 items - remaining: 1 items
      ```

## Complete sample project

> [06 Modifying Kernel Behavior with Dependency Injection](../../06%20-%20Modifying%20Kernel%20Behavior%20with%20Dependency%20Injection/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the completed sample in the [06 Modifying Kernel Behavior with Dependency Injection](../../06%20-%20Modifying%20Kernel%20Behavior%20with%20Dependency%20Injection/)) project.
```
